---
title: '2021-04-05 TIL(at work)'
categories:
- TIL
tag:
- [TIL]
last_modified_at: '2021-04-05 22:00:00 +0800'
---

# SSO
## Single Sign-On
> Single sign-on (SSO) is an authentication scheme that allows a user to log in with a single ID and password to any of several related, yet independent, software systems.

SSO는 하나의 아이디와 비밀번호로 연관된 여러 시스템에 로그인을 할 수 있는 접근 권한을 의미한다.
  
  
> True single sign-on allows the user to log in once and access services without re-entering authentication factors.

진정한 SSO는 유저가 단 한번만 로그인을 하고나면, 또다시 접근 권한을 확인하지 않고도 여러 서비스에 접근할 수 있도록 허용 한다.
  
  
> It should not be confused with same-sign on (Directory Server Authentication), often accomplished by using the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) and stored LDAP databases on (directory) servers.

Single Sign-On과 Same Sign-on을 혼동하지 않도록 주의해야 한다. Same Sign-on은 서버의 LDAP(Lightweight Directory Access Protocol)을 이용한 방식이다.  
  
  
> A simple version of single sign-on can be achieved over IP networks using cookies but only if the sites share a common DNS parent domain.

쿠키를 이용한 IP 네트워크를 이용하여 간단히 Single Sign-On을 구현할 수 있다. 그런데 이 방식에서는, 사이트끼리 부모 DNS 도메인을 공유하고 있어야만 가능하다.


> For clarity, a distinction is made between Directory Server Authentication (same-sign on) and single sign-on: Directory Server Authentication refers to systems requiring authentication for each application but using the same credentials from a directory server, whereas single sign-on refers to systems where a single authentication provides access to multiple applications by passing the authentication token seamlessly to configured applications.

간단히 말해서, Same-Sign On과 

> Conversely, single sign-off or single log-out (SLO) is the property whereby a single action of signing out terminates access to multiple software systems.

As different applications and resources support different authentication mechanisms, single sign-on must internally store the credentials used for initial authentication and translate them to the credentials required for the different mechanisms.

Other shared authentication schemes, such as OpenID and OpenID Connect, offer other services that may require users to make choices during a sign-on to a resource, but can be configured for single sign-on if those other services (such as user consent) are disabled.[4] An increasing number of federated social logons, like Facebook Connect, do require the user to enter consent choices upon first registration with a new resource, and so are not always single sign-on in the strictest sense.